The paper represents a homogeneous one-dimensional fractured coastal
The matrix block acts as the secondary porosity that stores water in
A generalized transfer weight can move matrix-to-fracture flux from
One-dimensional fracture-flow equation
Lumped matrix-head equation
Weighted nonlinear matrix-to-fracture flux
Complex fracture and matrix amplitude equations
Matrix phasor expressed through the fracture phasor and lumped
Decaying landward fracture-head solution
Fracture and matrix tidal-amplitude profiles
Agreement with the Jacob tide-response curves at three observation
Distance-dependent fracture and matrix amplitude responses across the
Parameter-influence profiles for both continua
Location where fracture amplitude reaches 0.25 percent of tidal
Within the generalized dual-porosity model, a larger transfer weight